yeah from a world of incredible
spectacle at the edge of the Alaskan
frontier I come from a place where the
unexpected and the extraordinary happen
every day come on we catch the end of
the race comes the unforgettable legend
of Balto but you could call him idiot do
you honestly think any mush would ever
put you on his team he was an outsider
who wasn't like the others Balto wait
Balto until a town needed a miracle
Rossi will you get that medicine through
yeah you said flop come on mush
into freezing coldness to find the dog
he doesn't like to bring medicine back
to a town that doesn't like him in a
test of will he challenged the
impossible
you'll never get home I'll make sure
that
in a race against time slow down Waldo
is their only hope it was their second
checkpoint
Universal Pictures and Amblin
entertainment invite you to join steal
that touch that box and I'll tear you
apart
Kaltag install hey this is gonna be good
and lock the whole thing while we were
in the way
don't even move it we were swimming and
Boris Wow I was so scared I got people
bumps on an incredible adventure into
the heart of a hero yeah duck
booth you're here Balto
you